README.md, before:

## Today I Learned: A Developer's Notes

> This is my own coding notebook: various tools, tricks and solutions for various problems I encountered. I create these notes mostly for my future self, but if you'll find it useful, I'll be very glad!

_56 TILs and grows..._

---

#### Categories:

1. [JavaScript](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript)

* [Objects](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Objects)
* [Arrays](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Arrays)
* [Useful functions](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions)
* [TypeScript](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/TypeScript)
* [Miscellaneous](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Misc)

2. [Angular](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/Angular)

3. [React and Redux](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/React%26Redux)

4. [Node and Express](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/Node%26Express)

5. [CSS](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/CSS)

* [Saas](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/CSS/Sass)
* [Miscellaneous](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/CSS/Misc)

6. [PHP](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/PHP)

7. [Miscellaneous](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/Misc)

---

#### JavaScript / Objects
- [Copy an object without references](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Copy_an_object_without_references.md)
- [Destructuring](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Destructuring_of_objects.md)
- [Bind](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Bind.md)
- [Classes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Classes.md)
- [Constructors and prototypes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Constructors_and_Prototypes.md)
- [Key interpolation](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Key_interpolation.md)


#### JavaScript / Arrays
- [Array destructuring](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Array_destructuring.md)
- [Put all arguments into one array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Arguments_into_array_using_Arrayfrom.md)
- [Break an array into equal subarrays](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Break_array_into_equal_subarrays.md)
- [Copy an array without references](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Copy_an_array_without_references.md)
- [Filter an array through another array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Filter_array_through_another_array.md)
- [Flatten a nested array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Flatten_a_nested_array.md)
- [Remove repeated values from an array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Remove_repeated_values_from_array.md)
- [Spread operator](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Spread_operator.md)
- [Search for indexes with findIndex() and indexOf()](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Search_for_indexes_with_findIndex_and_indexOf.md)

#### JavaScript / Useful functions
- [Convert RGB to HEX](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions/Convert_RGB_to_HEX.md)
- [Get a random number in a range](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions/Get_Random_Number_In_A_Range.md)
- [Get object's key by a value](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions/Get_key_by_value.md)

#### JavaScript / TypeScript
- [Variables](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/TypeScript/Variables.md)
- [Interfaces](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/TypeScript/Interfaces.md)
- [Classes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/TypeScript/Classes.md)

#### JavaScript / Miscellaneous
- [Get user's location with HTML5 Geolocation API](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Misc/Get_User_Location_Using_HTML5_Geolocation_API.md)
- [Simplify choosing between booleans](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Misc/Simplify_choosing_between_booleans.md)
- [Currying](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Misc/Currying.md)

#### Angular
- [Components](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Components.md)
- [Component API](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Component_API.md)
- [Directives](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Directives.md)
- [Forms](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Forms.md)
- [HTTP Services](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/HTTP_Services.md)
- [Pipes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Pipes.md)
- [Routing](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Routing.md)
- [Services](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Services.md)

#### React and Redux
- [Components](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Components.md)
- [HOC](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/HOC.md)
- [Redux](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Redux.md)
- [Router](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Router.md)
- [Hooks](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Hooks.md)
- [Context](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Contex.md)
- [Misc](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Misc.md)

#### Node and Express
- [Creating simple server](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/creating-simple-server.md)
- [Custom streams](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/custom-streams.md)
- [Introduction to Express](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/intro-to-express.md)
- [Express with middleware](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/express-middleware.md)
- [Query strings](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/query-strings.md)
- [Handling POST requests](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/handling-post-requests.md)

#### Webpack
- [Basic Webpack configuration](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/basic_webpack_configuration.md)
- [Development and production modes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/dev_and_prod_modes.md)
- [Styles and assets loaders](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/styles_and_assets_loaders.md)
- [Minification](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/minification.md)
- [Multiple bundles](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/multiple_bundles.md)
- [Useful plugins](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/useful_plugins.md)

#### CSS
- [Mixins](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/Sass/Mixins.md)
- [BEM naming convention](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/Misc/BEM_naming_convention.md)
- [Flexbox guide](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/Flexbox-guide.md)
- [CSS Grid guide](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/css_grid_guide.md)
- [CSS Animations guide](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/css-animations.md)

#### PHP

- [PHP basics](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/php-basics.md)
- [Arrays basics](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/arrays-basics.md)
- [Form validation](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/forms-validation.md)
- [File system](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/file-system.md)
- [Classes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/php-classes.md)

#### SQL

- [SQL basics](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/SQL/sql-basics.md)
- [SQL and PHP](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/SQL/sql-and-php.md)

#### Miscellaneous
- [Install LAMP on Ubuntu](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Misc/installing-lamp-on-ubuntu.md)

---

#### About

Pattern of this TIL is based on [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) repository.

#### License

&copy; 2018 Jarosław Sopiński

This repository is licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Unit Testing in JavaScript based on Vitest library

README.md, after:

## Today I Learned: A Developer's Notes

> This is my own coding notebook: various tools, tricks and solutions for various problems I encountered. I create these notes mostly for my future self, but if you'll find it useful, I'll be very glad!

---

#### Categories:

1. [JavaScript](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript)

* [Objects](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Objects)
* [Arrays](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Arrays)
* [Useful functions](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions)
* [TypeScript](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/TypeScript)
* [Miscellaneous](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/JavaScript/Misc)

2. [Angular](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/Angular)

3. [React and Redux](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/React%26Redux)

4. [Node and Express](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/Node%26Express)

5. [CSS](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/CSS)

* [Saas](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/CSS/Sass)
* [Miscellaneous](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/CSS/Misc)

6. [PHP](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/PHP)

7. [Miscellaneous](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/tree/master/Misc)

---

#### JavaScript / Objects
- [Copy an object without references](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Copy_an_object_without_references.md)
- [Destructuring](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Destructuring_of_objects.md)
- [Bind](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Bind.md)
- [Classes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Classes.md)
- [Constructors and prototypes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Constructors_and_Prototypes.md)
- [Key interpolation](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Objects/Key_interpolation.md)


#### JavaScript / Arrays
- [Array destructuring](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Array_destructuring.md)
- [Put all arguments into one array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Arguments_into_array_using_Arrayfrom.md)
- [Break an array into equal subarrays](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Break_array_into_equal_subarrays.md)
- [Copy an array without references](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Copy_an_array_without_references.md)
- [Filter an array through another array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Filter_array_through_another_array.md)
- [Flatten a nested array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Flatten_a_nested_array.md)
- [Remove repeated values from an array](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Remove_repeated_values_from_array.md)
- [Spread operator](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Spread_operator.md)
- [Search for indexes with findIndex() and indexOf()](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Arrays/Search_for_indexes_with_findIndex_and_indexOf.md)

#### JavaScript / Useful functions
- [Convert RGB to HEX](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions/Convert_RGB_to_HEX.md)
- [Get a random number in a range](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions/Get_Random_Number_In_A_Range.md)
- [Get object's key by a value](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Useful_functions/Get_key_by_value.md)

#### JavaScript / TypeScript
- [Variables](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/TypeScript/Variables.md)
- [Interfaces](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/TypeScript/Interfaces.md)
- [Classes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/TypeScript/Classes.md)

#### JavaScript / Miscellaneous
- [Get user's location with HTML5 Geolocation API](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Misc/Get_User_Location_Using_HTML5_Geolocation_API.md)
- [Simplify choosing between booleans](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Misc/Simplify_choosing_between_booleans.md)
- [Currying](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/JavaScript/Misc/Currying.md)

#### Angular
- [Components](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Components.md)
- [Component API](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Component_API.md)
- [Directives](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Directives.md)
- [Forms](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Forms.md)
- [HTTP Services](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/HTTP_Services.md)
- [Pipes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Pipes.md)
- [Routing](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Routing.md)
- [Services](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Angular/Services.md)

#### React and Redux
- [Components](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Components.md)
- [HOC](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/HOC.md)
- [Redux](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Redux.md)
- [Router](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Router.md)
- [Hooks](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Hooks.md)
- [Context](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Contex.md)
- [Misc](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/React%26Redux/Misc.md)

#### Node and Express
- [Creating simple server](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/creating-simple-server.md)
- [Custom streams](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/custom-streams.md)
- [Introduction to Express](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/intro-to-express.md)
- [Express with middleware](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/express-middleware.md)
- [Query strings](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/query-strings.md)
- [Handling POST requests](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Node%26Express/handling-post-requests.md)

#### Webpack
- [Basic Webpack configuration](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/basic_webpack_configuration.md)
- [Development and production modes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/dev_and_prod_modes.md)
- [Styles and assets loaders](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/styles_and_assets_loaders.md)
- [Minification](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/minification.md)
- [Multiple bundles](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/multiple_bundles.md)
- [Useful plugins](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Webpack/useful_plugins.md)

#### CSS
- [Mixins](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/Sass/Mixins.md)
- [BEM naming convention](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/Misc/BEM_naming_convention.md)
- [Flexbox guide](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/Flexbox-guide.md)
- [CSS Grid guide](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/css_grid_guide.md)
- [CSS Animations guide](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/CSS/css-animations.md)

#### PHP

- [PHP basics](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/php-basics.md)
- [Arrays basics](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/arrays-basics.md)
- [Form validation](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/forms-validation.md)
- [File system](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/file-system.md)
- [Classes](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/PHP/php-classes.md)

#### SQL

- [SQL basics](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/SQL/sql-basics.md)
- [SQL and PHP](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/SQL/sql-and-php.md)

#### Miscellaneous
- [Install LAMP on Ubuntu](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Misc/installing-lamp-on-ubuntu.md)
- [Unit Testing in JavaScript based on Vitest library](https://github.com/JarekSopinski/TIL/blob/master/Misc/js-unit-testing-with-vitest.md)

---

#### About

Pattern of this TIL is based on [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) repository.

#### License

&copy; 2018 Jarosław Sopiński

This repository is licensed under the MIT license.
